Gwenevere Abriel: Think this is going to be Erica Valdez
Erica Valdez: Do we have the accident. Right.
Erica Valdez: Uh huh. Well, he had his MRI yesterday and the doctor called and said, I need you guys in today at 1030
Erica Valdez: So I'm like, I don't think this is great news because they never call back and they never tell us. He did tell us. My son broke one of the hardest bones in his hand. Sorry if the glare is behind me.
Erica Valdez: He's a baby, but he broke one of his bones on his hand. That's the hardest can't break. So that being said yesterday. He had an MRI.
Erica Valdez: And the doctor called me back this morning. It was like, I need him and I had them change out his cast yesterday because he had it on for a month. I was like, I don't like the smell. So, change it.
Erica Valdez: Call me back and said, I need you guys to come in at 1032 days I'm like can tell me over the phone, what the heck's going on, don't freak.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know moms. We don't want to hear that we want to first thing out of anybody's mouth, your son's fine.
Erica Valdez: That's, yeah. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to hear.
Erica Valdez: Yes, so I'm like, Oh, well now mom's shaking and she's nervous and I'm trying to clean house and feed baby and I was like, Oh, shoot.
Erica Valdez: Group with when I was like, I better get on it's 905
Gwenevere Abriel: So I yeah I'm out here. And so my connections, a little and telling everyone that over these while I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: But for you. But still, I want to say it normally I send text reminders. Normally, we can exchange that way, but there may be an increase in communication through
Erica Valdez: You know,
Erica Valdez: Yeah, I heard everybody kind of upset Monday.
Erica Valdez: They said that supposedly they've been trying to text you for more than three or four days and you haven't responded and
Erica Valdez: Yeah, I was like, I felt like saying every time I text. They come right in and I get her message you know so i don't i don't know why they were having problems, but yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in. You're in the in the nine o'clock. I'm trying to picture, who is in there. I'll talk with Dr. Holloman and get a sense
Gwenevere Abriel: Monday.
Erica Valdez: I THINK IT WAS BENNY. His name is
Erica Valdez: And then
Erica Valdez: The other girl that she gets a kind of upset when they you guys say her name wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what is
Erica Valdez: She was very upset, too. And she was kind of really mad, saying, Why are you guys doing
Erica Valdez: This I haven't done anything because I can't get ahold of
Erica Valdez: When I was like I don't have that problem. Thank God I try to keep my appointment so to to not have that problem. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, no it's it's it's it's unique to everybody's particular so you don't have a
Erica Valdez: Half. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's very unique to each person.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and so it will be okay. It's just, I was in an airplane unexpectedly on Monday.
Erica Valdez: I hope everything is okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Safe. Yeah. Everybody's
Erica Valdez: Good, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. Thank you for asking.
Erica Valdez: So you're, you're kind of out of Albuquerque Santa Fe.
Erica Valdez: I area.
Gwenevere Abriel: It Santa Fe, it's I don't know exactly where I am, but I do know I'm in some sort of Dark Zone. So the fact that my messages get to you is just great.
Gwenevere Abriel: But not everybody. I wonder if that. Do you happen to have an iPhone.
Erica Valdez: I do have an iPhone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that's why
Erica Valdez: Yeah, maybe when i mean i think i phones are pretty common these days. You know what my husband just left to work and for some reason his phone keeps blowing up. Let me see who it is. Sorry.
Erica Valdez: Of course,
Erica Valdez: I don't even know who it is. They called my phone three times.
Erica Valdez: If they call back they call back
Erica Valdez: And Mike while we know my husband's phones here for you from work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, so I'm out here. So it's just going to change a little bit. There may not be as much like I do these courtesy texts, the night
Before
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just happened to be dropping someone off in the airport yesterday and I pulled over and I opened up my agenda and I real quick, as best I could.
Gwenevere Abriel: Text.
Gwenevere Abriel: People while I actually had
Erica Valdez: Okay, yeah. I mean, if people don't understand. I mean, they just they're on a different level. You know, they mean I just, I try to understand, everybody.
Erica Valdez: Accidents happen things happen. You know, we don't plan for what's going to happen today or tomorrow, just like I said, when they call me and I do they have Maria yesterday and they called me today. I'm like, What the heck you know so stuff happens fast. I totally understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so right now I'm opening up a note, I'm having a
Erica Valdez: Hard
Gwenevere Abriel: time doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just don't think this is the right one. I'm going to get out of here.
Erica Valdez: I decreased Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really
Erica Valdez: I am I still I I feel it already like
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Erica Valdez: Feel like a little shaky, I feel like. And it was just, it's not a lot. So I was taking one in one half. Now I'm taking one and
Erica Valdez: I cut the half down and then I cut just a little tiny piece off but God that little piece, you can feel a difference. I'm like, oh my god, I might just irritable, I might. I don't know if it's because everything that's going on are what it is. But yes, my I feel it in my body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting. So sometimes it's what you just said. Like, it happens to line up with
Gwenevere Abriel: A stressful period in our life. Other
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually cutting more than we think we are, you might be taking off more
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we really only want people pulling
Gwenevere Abriel: Back either a milligram or half a milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope you're not accidentally taking off more than that.
Erica Valdez: You know what I might have took off a milligram. I don't know if Dr wanting me to take off.
Erica Valdez: Let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me do a little research here and try and see what that is. Because you really shouldn't feel much at all.
Erica Valdez: If I fail it, I might. I had a hard time sleeping. I had, like, I feel constantly like I just want to throw up. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: something's off.
Erica Valdez: I feel it. I think something because normally you're at like 12 right
Erica Valdez: Yes, uh huh, uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well yeah right there you ideally, this is how it would present, you might say to me, I feel a little sweaty like a level three. A 10 is a full kick
Erica Valdez: All right, Bill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, something's off. I think maybe too much is coming off. We're gonna
Erica Valdez: I just but. And you know what, I didn't take the commodity.
Erica Valdez: Because I am so I don't want to take something and then be like oh shoot my body now needs that
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean. So, okay, can let me tell you about. Let me tell you about quantity. So there are certain substances.
Erica Valdez: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't even have to worry if let's say you were prescribed
Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were on like 1100 milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Of having to tie tracked you down off of that, but you're not on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanted. He is literally it's a blood pressure medication.
Erica Valdez: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, it's the side effect of that blood pressure, pressure medication. It's the this sort of off label benefit of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: is so awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: That helps with what you're describing that the cold sweats.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it also people take it right before they go to bed, and it makes them tired and then they sleep.
Erica Valdez: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why were you
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing it the way you're doing it, that's fine. But here's what I see people do, because they don't want the fatigue in the middle of the day, what they do is they take a half a mil half of the tablet.
Gwenevere Abriel: To address the the cold sweats.
Gwenevere Abriel: When they read, they take one of the tablets, and then they benefit from it. The drowsiness, then they go to sleep and then
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't have to stop. So I'm really. I mean, I can't believe that. I just feel so lucky to even know that it exists to help people through this and not don't get a chemical dependence on it.
Erica Valdez: Okay, so then I'm gonna try that. And then let's see how it goes from there until because what I had Dr. Do was I had him bridge me for one week to see how I felt on the medication.
Erica Valdez: But I might dang from Monday till now. I'm like, Oh, I just, I feel it, you know, especially in the night, I might. I do like I want to throw up I so hot. I feel cold. I don't know if I want to get in the shower. I don't know if I want to get them to think it's like it's
Erica Valdez: I think it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Really like the Clonidine, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: My I've been here almost three years and this is what they say. You got to see it. You might get a group of just a bunch of new people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you don't have. I don't have a nice mix of people that are down 2.25 milligrams boo boo.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not. Yeah, so I don't have a kind of the balance in there. I like to have this nice sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Recipe for for so that perfect cake group where there's lots of different ingredients to it where we're all at different levels.
Gwenevere Abriel: In in the taper process and you can hear other people say, Oh yeah, this is what I went through. Oh yes, because I think y'all are all right kind of early, early phase.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but I have clients that are at point two five.
Erica Valdez: Wow, that's where I'm going to get watch
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: And no started at 24 Erica.
Erica Valdez: Wow. Yeah. See, so I love that I have never been. I mean, yes, I on it, but I'm glad I've never been that high on it. You know, I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you know, it takes a lot longer to taper down takes a lot
Erica Valdez: Like I get sometimes sick with just the piece that I take on my God, I feel like I'm just so tired and drained and I'm like, well, my body's needing it because I'm going to either get sick. I'm gonna throw up all day. I'm going to feel fatigue, you know, so it's. Yeah, it's crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Erica Valdez: He's not i'm not feeding her fast enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's funny.
Erica Valdez: So how long will you be in Santa Fe, or how long will you be here for. Do you not know. Will you be here till next Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, um, I don't know. I'm just gonna just say for now.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, this is kind of the new the new normal and will I be there Monday. Yes, indeed. I can't wait to see you guys. Oh.
Erica Valdez: Where the heck is she was like, she's not gonna make it. I didn't ask him. You know what I was like oh
Gwenevere Abriel: It's nice to see I, even I don't think I told him I'm so spontaneous. I said, Ah, I can't, I can't, I can't run group and then I texted all my clients.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then one of them had a different cell number didn't, didn't get my message so I
Erica Valdez: Probably am, yes.
Erica Valdez: On this and is doing good. I'm kind of glad everything slowly opening up. But no, I'm not going to take that chance to go out there, because everything is still crazy man. The lines. I went to take my husband lunch and there's like a Ross right by his work.
Erica Valdez: Yeah, found the building the line. I'm like, Why are you guys doing that. And you guys doing standing six feet apart from each other like you got yeah I will not is still go out, I'm all keep your bugs at home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I loosened up there was, there must have been because I was I was
Gwenevere Abriel: pretty conservative all my whole family had been inside for months, I did it before even state of Florida said to do it and
Gwenevere Abriel: Something I heard I had been doing the zoom meetings with sort of friends and family and some of them are doctors and and they had said.
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's it's requiring an order to get this such basically a sneeze like this junk. And I thought, Good grief. So you're telling me all the food of him, wiping down from Costco all of this stuff. The little bit on my shoes I make sure every takes shoes. I said, all of this that I'm doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, I kind of unnecessary and so they read about people on airplanes and. And I said, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to go for it. So I got on an airplane. I've all the people do on an airplane. I am not the one to have done it but I
Erica Valdez: I do everything going on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I why
Gwenevere Abriel: I did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wore masks and people I was with for mass I wiped down all the seats everything I had hand wipes with me I wiped everything down. And then they would sit. I say paws up they have gloves paws up
Gwenevere Abriel: I wipe everything down for them and then okay then take the gloves off and you gotta clean surface, but if I'm right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, maybe I'm going to end up being sick. I don't know. But it sounds like the viral load. How much of that virus, you need in order to get it seems like
Gwenevere Abriel: It gives me the sense of safety that it's okay to go out into the world.
Erica Valdez: So,
Erica Valdez: The rice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Milk it through as I really have messed up. If that's not the case.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I got for my family.
Erica Valdez: Okay, you did it very properly gloves. You've been wiping everything down your, your mask, you know, as long as you do that, and you're not fully face to face in contact with people you should be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so.
Erica Valdez: Is there you know I have them throughout my whole so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's been so much more fun. I have gone out and driven around and shopping and I actually let my kids out and it's been so much more fun. We feel like people again.
Erica Valdez: A little bit. A little bit of a stress reliever. Correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, goodness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Update.
Erica Valdez: Most reliever. My husband while we bought our house. I told you in November. November, so
Erica Valdez: My husband built a fence was built our fans higher in the back. And we've been doing stuff to our house and he finally put up the pool so the kids are all Yay, we can swim. Now they've been home to because my daughter was born 23 weeks and weigh two pounds. She was to say she's her less
Erica Valdez: Capable to handle any cold, so I'm like, nope, you're staying home you're staying home and she's all mad at me. But 13 I don't care because it's yeah it's scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, because the kids not going to take the precautions that an adult will, they're just, you know, they might forget so way.
Erica Valdez: They just do touch everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I touch base on a on a couple of your goals, just write a little something. See how you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so first one is
Gwenevere Abriel: Followed by heart health physicians medication prescription dose for for 30 days. So we were originating with 12. That's what I wanted to do. Let me just go see what your dose is over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are your last trip was
Gwenevere Abriel: Medication
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a one in three eight. So it's 11 milligrams one and 3838. So here's an 8138
Erica Valdez: Can you please my, my group.
Erica Valdez: Thank you.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think I've got an idea. Let me just see if we're doing this right. I'm going to draw a picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm getting right
Gwenevere Abriel: You're strapped
Erica Valdez: Yes, yes.
Erica Valdez: Like it's weird. I've even like lost a little bit of like my appetite. Like, I don't want to eat like before I'd be able to eat a yogurt in the morning, and now I'm like I don't even want to eat until like later.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I might be
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that you can see anything. I don't think
Erica Valdez: You can see
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so if this is an eight milligram strip obviously right down the middle, it would be four and four and then if you cut these right further cut that one and cut when it's 2468. And so what Dr. Solomon saying is you take you ingest 246
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm lattice, just a little strip and you put that in a contact lens case and you tuck it away. Is that what you're doing. You're taking watch you take a whole one and then you go to your second strip and you
Gwenevere Abriel: You only take this piece, this basically you just love this one off and put that in the context lens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you only describe how do I say not taking I just say it again, not taking this trip.
Erica Valdez: You know, like
Erica Valdez: A little bit more than what you have on that paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's why you're having the symptoms, I bet. So really it's so let's say you have your strength.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is I'm only right now. I'm only referring to your second one. Okay.
Erica Valdez: So you
Gwenevere Abriel: Take it, you'll cut it down the middle, then you cut each of each of those half in half.
Erica Valdez: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you take 123 you take the larger portion and you take the just a tiny little bit this one. This is the one you talk in in your storage.
Gwenevere Abriel: This yes do you stick on your tongue, the larger of it one so favor, do me a favor. Do me a favor, just them will all the way through it color in the part
Gwenevere Abriel: That you actually take
Gwenevere Abriel: Coloring the rectangle. So I'm really positive that you're getting exactly what you need to not have these withdrawal symptoms color and what you're actually ingesting under your tongue.
Erica Valdez: Let me see if I can turn the camera.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not great when you had it before.
Gwenevere Abriel: No all my. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Erica Valdez: So there is, there would be 1234
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're ingesting
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me start over.
Erica Valdez: Eric. I'm just taking this piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in withdrawal because you're doing it the opposite.
Erica Valdez: So then I have to take this whole thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me do it again. You ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah well using your visual and I'm going to go check with with another doctor real quick to make sure I'm telling you the right information that because it says three eighths. I think you're supposed to be taking on your picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: 1234 and that colored in peace, you take that tiny piece. Don't take it a big exhale or or blow off the table and you put it in a contact lens.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can kind of see that
Erica Valdez: So I take more of the one that I've been taking and then I put that extra piece in the contact lens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yet the tiny piece you're storing away. You're doing the opposite. It just looks like you just deprive yourself of a massive dose.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just pride yourself Erica have let me tell you you if you only took this and you were supposed to take six
Gwenevere Abriel: six milligrams. Wait a minute. Oh, now I'm confused. Hold on a second. I'm gonna go get myself straight. You're supposed to be.
Erica Valdez: One in one half, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me go find out.
Okay.
Erica Valdez: Oh,
Erica Valdez: Now,
Erica Valdez: Yeah, but he but she bites so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think I miss I miss informed you so we're going to do this again.
Erica Valdez: So Mike, I have. I'm going to show you what exactly. I've been taking because I just got it out of my I want because I'm so sad. And I don't want to be taking it wrong, or I don't want to be taking two left. So I'm going to show you
Erica Valdez: Exactly how it's been okay
Gwenevere Abriel: But does it look like this, though, because it's you take a whole strip. Here it is.
Erica Valdez: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then here's your second one you divided into eight pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and then you only take these three
Erica Valdez: No, no, no, no. So I been fucking myself, excuse my language. Okay, that's what it is. So I'm and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Forget the other one or
Gwenevere Abriel: Two years old one.
Erica Valdez: And here's the half one that I would take
Erica Valdez: I been cutting it down right there.
Erica Valdez: So, okay, just
Gwenevere Abriel: Making enough
Erica Valdez: Okay, so do I take this much instead of this much, or do I take
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think i think i think i'm getting it 123
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. So, okay, I'm sorry, I can't quite tell, but this is going to help Erica, forget that. I'm here for you had
Gwenevere Abriel: Go get it. Yes, you're going to draw, then you're going to get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tomorrow, right.
Erica Valdez: Away because they have any kids, but they will my box, box, sorry I have to come in and get my lock box and see what the heck is going on and
Erica Valdez: Okay.
Erica Valdez: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So just put a nice will get the one so we got the, the one eight
Milligrams
Erica Valdez: Watch her quality TV.
Erica Valdez: Okay, so I have a piece of paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got the one. So draw your one rectangle that's good to go. But right eight milligrams, because it'll change once you eventually get to four. And of course, things will change. But for now, that that's a single eight milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: That one. We're not divided then. So here's how we start just draw cut this one in half just draw that first line right down the middle of the second rectangle
Gwenevere Abriel: And then each of those haves in half.
Erica Valdez: Okay.
Erica Valdez: So I should have four
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, each one in half and then you'll have eight rectangles. So do them have again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Should have a total of eight at that point.
Erica Valdez: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Now colleran wait. Here we go. You see where I call it in three
Erica Valdez: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those three, that's three eight right now. That makes sense. I mean, I'm not a big fan of math, but that does make sense.
Erica Valdez: It's 380 yes yes yes so
Erica Valdez: The three and leave that little tiny piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: We leave this
Gwenevere Abriel: You leave. Yes. You take the gray. The gray. See the grey.
Erica Valdez: Yes, I'm not taking yet I messed myself up. Oh my god.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't know how much more I can't tell by visually, we're looking at, at what you have right there. But I'd like to get your blood level up today so that you're back to 11 and I don't know how to do it because I don't know what what you did. If you need to go.
Erica Valdez: I took one and
Gwenevere Abriel: 180 so just take two eight right now.
Erica Valdez: Because I cook. I just need to take two more of those little tiny piece.
Erica Valdez: Yeah. Yes. Yeah.
Erica Valdez: Too much
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just want to eat dining
Erica Valdez: At it real quick.
Good.
Erica Valdez: Okay, let's see how this goes.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so I'm glad we took the time to do this. Erica. It's we can't skip over this part. This is literally probably why you're here right you're here so that you don't have to go through this misery.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can address whatever's going on in your life and not have to go through this, this really uncomfortable withdrawal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because yeah, wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, that I was noticing you just seem to in distress for what Eric
Erica Valdez: I'm like, What the heck is going on. And that's exactly what it was. I wasn't taking the right amount of the dosage so cool. I'm glad I got on. And I'm glad I didn't miss and I'm glad we were able to connect cuz I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know Me too. Okay, so that's the key with this communication don't minimize what you're going through, because then all here and then the doc will hear and will be because it's subtle stuff. It's like, well, yeah, we, we expect a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Here and there, but not like what I was hearing from you so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah and if you are willing, I have a feeling you're about to feel pretty good because with the quantity and because now we've bypassed sort of the fear thought of. I don't want to have another chemical dependence. You won't, not with quantity
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just, it's just a heart medication. So some medications develop what's called a tolerance and
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you need more and more of something, and that that's not with Clonidine is the same way you don't, same way every single time you use toggle know it works the same way. Think of it like like a Tylenol.
Erica Valdez: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't feel tolerance to it or
Erica Valdez: What about met for me. And I know that I like a lot of people mentioned metformin like those tools are the pills. Do you think those would work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know anything about it or
Erica Valdez: I'm sorry not metformin metformin was something else, or I took for polycystic I'm, I'm a mom, I'm
Erica Valdez: Promoting not only God. I mean, every type of medication, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at it. Yeah, take
Gwenevere Abriel: melatonin. Melatonin
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so melatonin people enjoy some people benefit from it, others don't. If you happen to benefit by falling asleep. That would be great.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's as far as I know, again, I don't want to act outside my lane. I'm not a doctor, but I've not heard that. What have you been taking it and for how many months or years
Erica Valdez: No, no, no, no, I don't take melatonin I, my God. Kids mom actually gave that to me because my daughter was having a hard time falling asleep.
Erica Valdez: And I tried it on her and it takes like seven literally seven minutes. She's
Erica Valdez: So I'm like that would kind of do the same, but
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a couple of things caveats. I'm not giving medical advice and that's sort of over the counter stuff melatonin. It's a naturally occurring.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing in your body. Anyway, you're already making melatonin. So it is a naturally occurring thing. If your question is am I going to get my daughter chemically dependent. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't, it's not a you for it doesn't create euphoria doesn't create chemical dependence, you're not going to then need it. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: And but but I will say what I've heard. Let's say it starts working with her really well for a few months, and it stops working.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a possibility. She needs to continue, I would talk to your physician about it and you can talk to Dr. Solomon and say, Hey, I'm experimenting with this. Hey, it's working, it's working now. It's not he may give you other ideas of what to do, but it might work for you to do.
Erica Valdez: Okay, yeah.
Okay.
Erica Valdez: All
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. It's a naturally occurring thing in our bodies.
Erica Valdez: Cool. Yeah, I'm gonna try both. I mean, I'm going to try the kolata Dean first cuz I I honestly think maybe I just wasn't taking the right and that's why I am hot and I've been not
Erica Valdez: I just haven't been filling the 100
Erica Valdez: I think was because I was taking less than what I was supposed to. So the colored part I was taking just this little not colored part
Erica Valdez: I was taking two less of it, I messed myself up so yeah hopefully with this taking this little bit by by this nice to go a little bit better, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, this part here.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what you take
Erica Valdez: Yeah, the three colors.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Yeah. Good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's let's shift gears over to a couple of goals. I want to check in on them. Okay, I know you have a lot on your plate. You're ready to focus on your son today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have a feeling you're going to feel better over the coming weeks. But, but when the doc asked you about tapering, I would say.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I had, I kind of got off. I think I was under by accident. I want to feel good for another week or two. So when he asked or you or I asked her something, um, you may. It's your choice, how fast you want to taper but
Gwenevere Abriel: You may I want you guys to succeed. Remember how. Oh, this was okay. Oh, I'm wanting to do it again and you haven't quite gotten that experience yet and I really want that for you.
Erica Valdez: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so push back at us.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. So here we go. I want to check on a couple things I want to see. Okay, so be outside more talking with people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see. I want to go once, twice a week to work or that's a goal is kind of to go to work in six, eight months. That's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not something really pressing on you right now, but kind of identify challenges and variants currently to communication and having consistent engagement with people. How do you feel like you're doing around people these days. Aside from this recent irritability from the medication.
Erica Valdez: I actually been doing pretty good. I'm like I said, I've been making mass for the central workers and
Erica Valdez: My husband wears his to work and then people ask him, and then they asked. He calls me and he's like, people want to order mask or
Erica Valdez: You know, so I finally got clientele. And then he works. So I have to meet them and I've been okay meeting them sometimes little bit like
Erica Valdez: butterflies in my stomach where I'm like, I don't want to go, but I'm like hey, I have to go. I don't know them. They need these mask. You know what I mean. I might
Erica Valdez: They're ordering them for a reason. Obviously, they have to. So then I get out there and I pushed myself and I go out there and I talked to them, but it's it's been okay it's been getting them a little bit better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, Erica, you know I you present confident
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you know that
Erica Valdez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah you present confident, tell me what it is about your gut.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's those butterflies happened. What is it about meeting people you don't know maybe is it that
Erica Valdez: No, it's just
Erica Valdez: I guess I've learned not to through my anxiety and depression and me being on my pills and stuff. I think I just learned not to like people are be around them, or just feel like
Erica Valdez: You know, I'm like, what in the heck are those people staring at our you know pictures are for free if you need one like you, they just
Erica Valdez: I don't know. I get very, very irritable with people. So I'm trying. I've been trying. Like I said, I go out there. I've been selling the mass
Erica Valdez: Yesterday, I had to wait in a parking lot for like 15 minutes because this lady didn't answer her phone.
Erica Valdez: I feel bad. She was at work, you know, but I'm like, Come on, lady, like I have things today. So, but I sat there, I just did my breathing, like you said, and I sat there and then I'll say, Oh, look. Here she comes. So it just, it takes the breathing and stuff to have to be out there you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's spend just a couple more minutes on this. Let's not move off at this I think this is important, what you just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we slow down a little bit. That's kind of what therapy does is it takes just a simple little conversation like what you just did. And it's, it takes one piece of it and really looks at it that that you just said about
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a picture last longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that one. You said it differently, but I like how you said it. They're free or something, right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me about when people see you
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it feel when your eyes are on you like what goes on for you when people are looking at you.
Erica Valdez: I don't know because they just stare. I'm like, what in the heck are you staring at like
Erica Valdez: I don't know if they're staring at the tattoos. I don't know what the heck. There's dirty now, but I'm like, if you
Erica Valdez: Want to stare at least see Hi, you know, like, and you can feel when they're staring at you like, I could be cashing out and they're just staring. So I look back, and I'm like,
Erica Valdez: How can I help you, you know, so I don't know it's just I hate for people. I think it's because my mom always taught us not to stare. I've taught my kids not to stare. I'm like that shoots through don't stare at people.
Erica Valdez: So I think maybe I think it's rude. So don't stare, you know, but I don't know. This makes me very, like, what are you looking at
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that or is that mad makes me
Erica Valdez: Kind of yes and no. Because some people do it too much, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just like
Gwenevere Abriel: Makes me a little mad.
Erica Valdez: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I got a picture of it now. Just curious. Just imagine for a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think they're thinking
Erica Valdez: Who knows what people are asking, give me days.
Erica Valdez: I don't know. I have no idea what they're thinking.
Erica Valdez: Sometimes I think people are staring at my tattoos. Sometimes I think people are
Erica Valdez: Staring but
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what their eyes so
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do I don't know. What do you think they're thinking after they get the data through their eyes they see you with the tattoos. What do they do with the data from their eyes. They see tattooing.
Erica Valdez: Or men or something.
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Erica Valdez: Or three times. So if I gym and quarantine and everything happens three times, me and my husband have went to Walmart and we both have tattoos and I'm cashing out at a $200 tab $300 tab sometimes
Erica Valdez: You stop us out the door like we walk in and they're staring at us and we go do what we have to do and I'm cashing out and then all of a sudden at the door, their security and
Erica Valdez: Loss Prevention. I'm like, what the hell they're all asking us for our receipts, which I give it to them because I don't steal I have money to buy whatever I need and after they do that. I'm like, You know what, for stereotyping and judging and like, that's how I feel stereotype me
Erica Valdez: Your ideas.
Erica Valdez: Stereotype so then I might you know what f you guys I turn my basket around and I go and make them refund it because I might. I'll take my business somewhere else for that.
Erica Valdez: To be treated like that. You know what I mean. I'm like, there's no way that I need to steal a $3 or $2 or anything from you people. I'm like, I work for what I what I have in my home. You know, I'm very proud for what we have. So yeah stereotype is what it is. Here we go. Found it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes a lot more sense or can now going out into the community, thinking, I'm going to have to be stereotyped and judged being seen as a criminal and not only just seeing if he one thing if they left it alone. But then all of this people security coming around. It's like, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bears in oh and berra Singh beyond and for us.
Erica Valdez: It.
Erica Valdez: It's the most impressed by
Gwenevere Abriel: Her on
Erica Valdez: And then like
Erica Valdez: About it is one of the securities that stopped us is one of my really good. Well, she didn't stop us. She stood behind all of them. And she was like, after we met. She's like you guys looked at the wrong people.
Erica Valdez: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You messed with the wrong lady.
Erica Valdez: Okay. Oh my god. Like I even like wanted to hit her like it was so bad, like I wanted to hit the lady with my basket because she kept pulling it from me, like if I was going to walk.
Erica Valdez: In there. Yeah, I was so upset. I hate Walmart. I can't wait for everything to open up and everything, settle down and
Erica Valdez: Finally, be able to go elsewhere. I've been shopping at Albertsons are Smith, because I might. I will not go to Walmart. I just, I hate it. I like I don't like to feel that energy. Yeah. It's horrible.
Erica Valdez: So it's
Erica Valdez: Like, that's what I feel it is mainly with a lot of people
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's there's some really kind of interesting things that you and I could do not only here in therapy, but also in group because as you can tell. I don't know who all is in your group, but most of my clients have Inc. Yeah.
Erica Valdez: No, no. Well, I'm some of them have been dem time in prison, you know, Sean just got out, he said, like I listened to some of them, one of the girl said she just got out like
Erica Valdez: I understand, you know, there is some of those people that got out of prison but I'm not that one. You know, maybe I like I love my it's therapeutic work there periodically. So I'm just like, all right, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait let's stay there. Stay there. Thank you for sharing these stories with me. It's really helping me get to know you. So just for a moment. What if it was a Sean
Gwenevere Abriel: Does he still deserve. Watch. Just imagine play it out. Just imagine Sean's about spend and he does, he pays for us $200 shopping cart and goes to the front.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does he deserve to have security come check. No, he doesn't. He doesn't have anything to do it does nothing to do with it, does it. No, no, no, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in her yard. What he shared that he has, has that history. He doesn't deserve that if he sees you know if I, you know, had been taking stuff and clearly of stuffing in a jacket or something. Okay. And, well then you gotta go check me out.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't deserve it. He doesn't deserve it. That is a reflection of Walmart.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a reflection of ignorant people and bias.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it makes me sad to think that that they won that you are inconvenienced by having to return your stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything I makes me sad that you have to waste all that time in that store and then return, I get yet how you did it. That makes sense that, you know, like, through you, you don't get my money.
Erica Valdez: Ever even comes with my Costco membership because they're men Walmart and Costco Walmart and Sam's are together. So as soon as I found oh I canceled my sounds card. I was like, I'm not taking my business to you guys know more. It's yeah I
I get my
Erica Valdez: Number and I complain I Mike, I want to make a report, because this is not only one time it's happened, you know,
Erica Valdez: I might have family that are addicted to drugs that will come and steal from you guys, but I don't even have them come and do that for me, you know, they mean so I might
Gwenevere Abriel: Did advocate you you went through due process and you met you made a complaint to
Erica Valdez: Oh, yeah.
Erica Valdez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, good, good, good, good. And you know what we, it's kind of like every vote counts. You know, like you're representing
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the neat thing about a democracy is we get we matter, but we can say, I'm not going to spend my money here. My money is power. If I stop spending my money here, it represents my vote doesn't it.
Erica Valdez: Yep, it sure does.
Erica Valdez: Our vote represents their paycheck their income their money that's coming in.
Erica Valdez: Has a lot to effect with them. I mean, and then if I was to say hey you know if they're going to treat you like shit when at Walmart, you're gonna be like, Oh, do I really want to go there. You know I told my mom. And she's like,
Erica Valdez: Oh, yeah. And she's like, I'm in there every day.
Erica Valdez: She does.
Erica Valdez: I may know my mom just as soon as she walks in. Hi. Boy, you know, my mom's my mom's dresses like you. She's real high class. She my mom would wear high heels every day if she could you not me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Erica Valdez: Her hair and she comes it all cute. She's, she's a pretty lady she you guys resemble each other. She just doesn't have long hair, like you, she has eyes. She's like complex. Yeah, so it's funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: But our treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: But treatment of people. It doesn't matter whether you've got, you know, what color skin or what what decoration, you have on it, it doesn't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're there to buy
Gwenevere Abriel: Goods and you have money's just as green as anybody else's and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Erica Valdez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really proud of you for for speaking up for yourself.
Erica Valdez: Oh yeah, I get mad and my husband was me even mad at me. He's on here going to return this I'm I can't
Erica Valdez: Look at the way they just treated us he Amanda cause like a little argument between us, but I was like
Erica Valdez: That it was so embarrassing. Like all the thousands of people that walked out with TVs and everything we just had groceries.
Erica Valdez: I think I had like a couple outfits for my newborn baby. I didn't have much but groceries.
Erica Valdez: And people are walking around with TVs, and I'm like, you're not checking my receipts, but you're checking my for groceries. This is ridiculous. So
Erica Valdez: Yeah, he was mad at me, but I was like, well, we'll drive to Albertsons and spend our money there. So when we got to Albertsons we laughed at it. We're like,
Erica Valdez: That she was Rhonda them and then we finally got down and we went and got our groceries. But it was so it was. It's embarrassing. That's the most thing about it is it's so embarrassing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So stay with that for just a second more. And so just just for a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't do anything wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: The next step after if you choose to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's kind of what this this this stuff can do kind of talking with me is that there are options. Also, not only did you represent yourself with your dollar. You said
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like how I'm being treated. I will not spend my money here and you made that very clear. That's powerful. But there's another piece to it. If you choose to which is
Gwenevere Abriel: To turn toward these people that they just represent whatever they're ignorant. Maybe they decided to be that way. Or it represents management style of that store or the whole organization. I have no idea, but there they are.
Gwenevere Abriel: And being able to not go to anger. But instead, you know that thing I talk a lot about
Gwenevere Abriel: You all can I just see your puppy. A little bit more. I just, it's so precious. I can hardly stand it. Are you kidding me with that face.
Erica Valdez: She's our last one we have left, and she's just so needy right now. She doesn't want to be alone. She doesn't want to be in her case she just wants to be roaming around
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't that just bring a smile to your face. Oh.
Erica Valdez: Actually, I didn't want to let none of them go but i think i don't know i have to let her go. Because if not, I'm going to end up keeping her cuz she's like
Erica Valdez: When you feel anxiety or whatever, you can just pick her up.
Erica Valdez: And smell puppy breath and you're like oh so much better.
Gwenevere Abriel: I call them, I call them hug nuggets.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Erica Valdez: Yeah, she's cute. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gosh, I can't stand it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Crushes
So you're about
Gwenevere Abriel: To talk to you, just with a couple minutes that we have left.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a weird thing like it is. It makes sense, yes. Embarrassed yes to angry. You got those, but you didn't do anything wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the it was a bit more like this. It looks more like it was humiliated. As in, it was public behavior. You weren't embarrassed of something you did. You were out from outside, people humiliated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people don't make those distinctions. You didn't trip in the store and then people happen to see you. And that would be a little embarrassing. You see, you feel the difference or
Gwenevere Abriel: Other people
Gwenevere Abriel: Humiliated you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that stings like
Gwenevere Abriel: Few others human public humiliation feeling less than in public is next level unacceptable. I, I really want you to see that you didn't make a mistake in anything wrong. So watch if you go with my theory around that it was that they were humility was coming from outside of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: About your business.
Gwenevere Abriel: Outside came right on it and people get check receipts, I noticed at Walmart, but it was that security thing that really like what, so that's the part where I want to talk to you about if you use this this little mindset of choosing curiosity over being right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a real distinct thing that we try on we literally turn it on and we go, Wait a minute. Did I do anything wrong. Oh, wait. No, I didn't. These people watch
Gwenevere Abriel: These people around me boy, they really suspect me of something they think I've done something wrong. Let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch. If I'm not worried about being right or wrong. I already know. I didn't do anything wrong. So I don't have to sit with it and justify it. I don't have to be ending. I don't have to be righteous, I can just
Gwenevere Abriel: I already know. I was just there to shop. I have my receipt. So I'm going to watch instead of choosing to be right, which gets me kind of angry to, you know, have to prove my point. I'm going to do this instead.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to try to understand what is it about my cart. So listen to my tongue. Watch what happens when I'm choosing curiosity over being right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, did you see something while I was shopping or is it my ink or like, what is it that's kind of drawing you guys around what's making you kind of check check on me versus maybe some other customers. Was there some, something that caught your eye.
Erica Valdez: So we
Erica Valdez: Them up and she said that she seen something else in my basket and I have scan it
Erica Valdez: So if I had something else in my basket, people always have stuck in their basket and they either put it down next to the counter. If they don't want it.
Erica Valdez: Or they put it somewhere. Next to them if they don't want it. They're not going to walk and put it away. You know, so that's what she tried to say that she's seen other stuff in my basket, but
Erica Valdez: We didn't pay for it, but there was never nothing in my basket, because we put it down. We didn't want
Gwenevere Abriel: It. Yeah, we
Erica Valdez: Asked her, and that's what she said. But it. I think it was just all because she was judgmental. She thought she had somebody. It was just
Erica Valdez: For humiliation and the crazy thing about it is when I called corporate they told me that they weren't even supposed to be checking the seats because of everything that's going on.
Erica Valdez: They did work and this is at the time, we didn't. We have to wear masks. We didn't have to wear them.
Erica Valdez: And so we were face to face. You know, so they were mad about that. Yeah, it was just a whole thing, but it was the humiliation. It was the the just being embarrassed. Part I. She didn't she thought she had someone you know
Gwenevere Abriel: That hold that for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where if you want relief from it. Some people can do this and it's hard to remember in the moment, but if you can pull it off. And I'm not saying you can do it right away, but in a month, you know, if you practice this, this thing where you recognize
Gwenevere Abriel: This is another one. Is this a me problem are you problem these little phrases. They get handy in moments of stress like this where you go, oh, this woman is just trying
Gwenevere Abriel: To do a job. She's trying to catch a customer having stolen, it's probably like she gets her kicks from it or maybe she gets accolade or she gets money. I don't know, but she wants to catch someone in the act.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's her job. It has nothing. She's going to be like that to the next hundred customers, nothing to do with Erica, and I know that doesn't make any sense. But
Gwenevere Abriel: She's going to continue being ignorant. She's going to continue to make assumptions or maybe she genuinely may have seen something
Gwenevere Abriel: So the tricky bit is distinguishing how you feel, which is humiliated and embarrassed from
Gwenevere Abriel: Her perspective, she may have been actually trying to do her job and she didn't do it well it's unfortunate because she just damaged her own company because now she lost customer to to two locations. She, she didn't do it well.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's a deficit in her
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not a deficit in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's like, Hmm, I wonder, you know, the, the thought process is, I wonder, I wonder what you saw. I wonder if there was a camera. They didn't see me. Put it down. That's interesting. I guess maybe this place needs a few more cameras. You see it like
Erica Valdez: Our whoever was following us me to be her
Gwenevere Abriel: Their problem to solve. It has nothing to do with you when we have this. This is the reason why I'm bothering to say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we have the mindset that I'm kind of throwing out she was curiosity overbreeding right. Is that a knee problem or you probably I've got another new with me. You're going to be ignorant and stupid and selfish and whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing I can do about it today when we have that mindset when we use those little Montrose
Erica Valdez: We don't worry
Gwenevere Abriel: We just go dumb is going to be done. It's done today is done tomorrow. Again, none of doing me or
Gwenevere Abriel: calms us
Gwenevere Abriel: Down, because we've got enough. There's no threat response from it.
Erica Valdez: Yes. Maybe hold her, please. I don't want to hear her crying. I have five minutes left.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Erica Valdez: Well, sir,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna let you go because I know you've got things to do and we're pretty much at the top of the hour. Anyway, I just want to review, can you meet on
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we need June 10
Gwenevere Abriel: At nine
Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that is
Gwenevere Abriel: June 10 9am now just to remember. I, I may get lucky and be able to reach you on cell, but don't don't expect a reminder
Erica Valdez: Okay.
Erica Valdez: Yeah, I read, I wrote it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, listen, it was applause luck with your son.
Erica Valdez: Thank you so much, you have a good one. I hope, everything's okay and stays okay while you're in here, the time being in New Mexico.
Erica Valdez: Have a good one. Bye.